---
layout: post
title: "Night Owl No Longer?"
date: 2008-05-13 08:23:21
---
I have been a night owl my entire life.  Although I like to sleep, I have never liked to go to bed.  Staying up late is something that has come easily to me.  Look at my job.  I stay awake and work almost the entire night on the way to Europe.  Of course I am tired after working a flight but for the most part staying awake while working is not a problem for me.  So my question is, why is staying up with Rowan at night so difficult for me?  During the day, I feel pretty good but by 8:00pm each night I am so exhausted I feel like I become a different person....someone who wonders, "how am I going to get through the night tonight?"  Rowan is actually a pretty good sleeper but all babies wake up during the night to eat.  Their stomachs just aren't big enough to hold enough food to get them through it.  Kirby seems to be handling the lack of solid sleep better than I am.  Good thing since I no longer feel like a night owl.  During the last months of my pregnancy when I felt so tired, I especially worried about the night schedule of our baby and how it would affect me.  I knew it would be exhausting but I thought the fact that I was so good at staying up at night would help me get through it.  Turns out, I was wrong!  I am no longer a night owl...instead I am a moody zombie.  I don't know how Kirby does it...he puts up with me, gets up with Rowan when he can't sleep, and he works during the day.  He deserves more thanks than I know how to give him.
